job-listings.md, before:

This file contains listings for current job openings in western Mass. The positions are listed with the most recently posted at the top.

|Post Date|Company|Location|Position|Description|External Link(s)|
|---------|-------|--------|--------|-----------|----------------|
|3/19/18|VidMob|Pittsfield, MA|Data Scientist|We are looking for a Data Scientist to join the VidMob team. We seek someone with a strong analytic background in data science and predictive analytics to answer complex research questions around how consumers respond to video and emerging advertising formats and how these learnings can be used to create better advertising experiences for audiences.|https://www.vidmob.com/data-scientist/|
|3/19/18|VidMob|Pittsfield, MA|Frontend Engineer|We are looking for a frontend engineer who can turn ideas and designs into beautiful, reliable and responsive web applications. You’re the type of person who can turn user stories into well-written code so that as you or someone else revisits your code in 6 months, your code is easy to comprehend and modify.|https://www.vidmob.com/frontend-engineer/|
|3/19/18|VidMob|Pittsfield, MA|Software Engineer|We are looking for an engineer who can turn ideas into extremely reliable software. You’re the type of person who can turn stories into well written code so that when you or someone else revisits your code in 6 months, your code is easy to comprehend and modify.|https://www.vidmob.com/software-engineer/|
|3/17/18|CyberArk|Newton, MA or REMOTE|Software Engineer|Join the Conjur team at CyberArk and work on OSS softare to help make the lives of your DevOps colleagues easier! We code in Ruby, Golang, and JS and use some of the most popular DevOps tools, like Jenkins, K8s, Ansible, Puppet, and more!|conjur.org, [our hiring puzzle](http://conjur-dev-puzzle-website.herokuapp.com)|
|3/15/18|MachineMetrics|Northampton|Senior DevOps Engineer|see link|https://www.machinemetrics.com/careers|
|3/15/18|Last Call Media|US|Senior Web Developer|Senior Developers are compensated at a salary commensurate with skill and experience, with comprehensive benefits and varied, engaging work for enterprise-level clients.|https://lastcallmedia.com/careers|

Commit message:

Add Alchemy Fund job postings

job-listings.md, after:

This file contains listings for current job openings in western Mass. The positions are listed with the most recently posted at the top.

|Post Date|Company|Location|Position|Description|External Link(s)|
|---------|-------|--------|--------|-----------|----------------|
|3/21/18|The Alchemy Fund|Amherst, MA|Computer Vision Engineer|Signal processing from a noisy, weak input – e.g. noise reduction, pixel transformation. Work alongside a data scientist, who would process the output signal. Clear and immediate market applications if we can get it working. Would be perfect as project work for a CS graduate student in the field.|[More Info / Application Instructions](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B3ll_mWRP1BvSmUwZzFKbS00SHJWNmV3bjlNQXRJVFA4aXc0/view?usp=sharing)|
|3/21/18|The Alchemy Fund|Amherst, MA|Full Stack Web Developer|Build a web site for collaborative workflow, allowing creative people around the world to add value to a digital asset. Experience with making or using 3D digital models is a plus. We have user stories and wire frames drawn up, but much creative thinking remains.|[More Info / Application Instructions](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B3ll_mWRP1BvSmUwZzFKbS00SHJWNmV3bjlNQXRJVFA4aXc0/view?usp=sharing)|
|3/19/18|VidMob|Pittsfield, MA|Data Scientist|We are looking for a Data Scientist to join the VidMob team. We seek someone with a strong analytic background in data science and predictive analytics to answer complex research questions around how consumers respond to video and emerging advertising formats and how these learnings can be used to create better advertising experiences for audiences.|https://www.vidmob.com/data-scientist/|
|3/19/18|VidMob|Pittsfield, MA|Frontend Engineer|We are looking for a frontend engineer who can turn ideas and designs into beautiful, reliable and responsive web applications. You’re the type of person who can turn user stories into well-written code so that as you or someone else revisits your code in 6 months, your code is easy to comprehend and modify.|https://www.vidmob.com/frontend-engineer/|
|3/19/18|VidMob|Pittsfield, MA|Software Engineer|We are looking for an engineer who can turn ideas into extremely reliable software. You’re the type of person who can turn stories into well written code so that when you or someone else revisits your code in 6 months, your code is easy to comprehend and modify.|https://www.vidmob.com/software-engineer/|
|3/17/18|CyberArk|Newton, MA or REMOTE|Software Engineer|Join the Conjur team at CyberArk and work on OSS softare to help make the lives of your DevOps colleagues easier! We code in Ruby, Golang, and JS and use some of the most popular DevOps tools, like Jenkins, K8s, Ansible, Puppet, and more!|conjur.org, [our hiring puzzle](http://conjur-dev-puzzle-website.herokuapp.com)|
|3/15/18|MachineMetrics|Northampton|Senior DevOps Engineer|see link|https://www.machinemetrics.com/careers|
|3/15/18|Last Call Media|US|Senior Web Developer|Senior Developers are compensated at a salary commensurate with skill and experience, with comprehensive benefits and varied, engaging work for enterprise-level clients.|https://lastcallmedia.com/careers|
