resources.md, before:

This file contains links to local tech-related resources.

### Tech Meetups / Events

- [Western Mass Developers / Designers Meetup Group](https://www.meetup.com/nohowebdev)
  - Northampton Webdive - After work
  - [Hack for Western Mass](http://hackforwesternmass.org)
  - Monthly Full Stack Meetup
  - Wordpress Developers and Admins
  - Agile Methods Meetup
  - Western Mass Drupal Users Group
- [Western Mass Development Technology Users Group](https://www.meetup.com/Western-Mass-Development-Technology-Users-Group/) has a monthly meetings
- [Western Mass Statistics and Data Science Meetup Group](https://www.meetup.com/Pioneer-Valley-and-Five-College-R-Statistical-Meetup/)
- [NERD Summit](https://nerdsummit.org/) - annual conference, typically held at UMass Amherst

### Geek/Nerd Meetups / Events

- [Geek Group of Western Mass Meetup Group](https://www.meetup.com/TheGeekGroupofWesternMass/events/) has weekly meetings
- [Nerd Nite Noho](https://noho.nerdnite.com/)
- [SciTech Cafe](https://scitechcafe.wordpress.com/)

### Coworking spaces

- [Click Workspace](http://clickworkspace.org/) in Northampton
- [Another Castle](https://pvgdev.cobot.me/) in Greenfield
- [Greenspace CoWork](https://greenspacecowork.spaces.nexudus.com/en) in Greenfield
- [Easthampton Co.Lab](http://www.easthamptoncolab.org/) in Easthampton
- [CoWork Springfield](http://coworkspringfield.com/) in Springfield
- [Commons Coworking](http://www.commonscoworking.com/) in Williamsburg
- [Amherst Works](https://amherstworks.io/) in Amherst
- [Cloud 85](http://www.cloud85northadams.com/) in North Adams

### Local tech recruiters

- [FIT Staffing](https://www.fitstaffingsolutions.com/)

### Local tech ed resources

- [Holyoke Codes](https://holyokecodes.org/) - educational classes for kids and adults alike, often for free
- [Makers @ Amherst Media](https://amherstmedia.org/makers) - meet up, work on projects, and learn together
- [Tech Foundry](http://www.thetechfoundry.org/) - IT workforce training

### Local job listings

- [Western Mass tech job listings](job-listings.md)
- [Jobs in the Valley](http://jobsinthevalley.com/)
- [Built in Boston](https://www.builtinboston.com) - Boston tech companies, with information on remote-friendly orgs
- [Hidden Tech](http://www.westernmassedc.com/boston_area_industrial_clusters/hiddentech/) - this is a [mailing list](#groups--email-lists), but people frequently use it to post job openings

### Local funding resources / incubators

- [Valley Venture Mentors](http://www.valleyventurementors.org/)
- [Launch413](https://www.launch413.com/)
- [The Alchemy Fund](http://www.alchemy-fund.com/)
- [TechSpring](http://www.techspringhealth.org/) - focusing on helping innovators in Health IT
- [Orange Innovation Center](https://www.orange-innovation.com/)

### Miscellaneous

- [Massachusetts Green High Performance Computing Center](https://www.mghpcc.org/) in Holyoke, MA
- [Springfield Technology Park](http://springfieldtechnologypark.org/)
- [UMass Innovation Institute](https://umii.umass.edu/) in Amherst

### Groups / email lists

- [Hidden Tech](http://www.westernmassedc.com/boston_area_industrial_clusters/hiddentech/)
- [NERD Slack](https://nerdslack.herokuapp.com/) - Slack for New England Regional Developers

### Other resource lists

- [Western Mass Economic Development Council](http://www.westernmassedc.com/)
- [MassEcon](https://massecon.com/)

Commit message:

Add Girls Inc to resources

resources.md, after:

This file contains links to local tech-related resources.

### Tech Meetups / Events

- [Western Mass Developers / Designers Meetup Group](https://www.meetup.com/nohowebdev)
  - Northampton Webdive - After work
  - [Hack for Western Mass](http://hackforwesternmass.org)
  - Monthly Full Stack Meetup
  - Wordpress Developers and Admins
  - Agile Methods Meetup
  - Western Mass Drupal Users Group
- [Western Mass Development Technology Users Group](https://www.meetup.com/Western-Mass-Development-Technology-Users-Group/) has a monthly meetings
- [Western Mass Statistics and Data Science Meetup Group](https://www.meetup.com/Pioneer-Valley-and-Five-College-R-Statistical-Meetup/)
- [NERD Summit](https://nerdsummit.org/) - annual conference, typically held at UMass Amherst

### Geek/Nerd Meetups / Events

- [Geek Group of Western Mass Meetup Group](https://www.meetup.com/TheGeekGroupofWesternMass/events/) has weekly meetings
- [Nerd Nite Noho](https://noho.nerdnite.com/)
- [SciTech Cafe](https://scitechcafe.wordpress.com/)

### Coworking spaces

- [Click Workspace](http://clickworkspace.org/) in Northampton
- [Another Castle](https://pvgdev.cobot.me/) in Greenfield
- [Greenspace CoWork](https://greenspacecowork.spaces.nexudus.com/en) in Greenfield
- [Easthampton Co.Lab](http://www.easthamptoncolab.org/) in Easthampton
- [CoWork Springfield](http://coworkspringfield.com/) in Springfield
- [Commons Coworking](http://www.commonscoworking.com/) in Williamsburg
- [Amherst Works](https://amherstworks.io/) in Amherst
- [Cloud 85](http://www.cloud85northadams.com/) in North Adams

### Local tech recruiters

- [FIT Staffing](https://www.fitstaffingsolutions.com/)

### Local tech ed resources

- [Holyoke Codes](https://holyokecodes.org/) - educational classes for kids and adults alike, often for free
- [Makers @ Amherst Media](https://amherstmedia.org/makers) - meet up, work on projects, and learn together
- [Tech Foundry](http://www.thetechfoundry.org/) - IT workforce training
- [Girls Inc of Holyoke](http://www.girlsincholyoke.org/) - tech ed for girls from 5-18

### Local job listings

- [Western Mass tech job listings](job-listings.md)
- [Jobs in the Valley](http://jobsinthevalley.com/)
- [Built in Boston](https://www.builtinboston.com) - Boston tech companies, with information on remote-friendly orgs
- [Hidden Tech](http://www.westernmassedc.com/boston_area_industrial_clusters/hiddentech/) - this is a [mailing list](#groups--email-lists), but people frequently use it to post job openings

### Local funding resources / incubators

- [Valley Venture Mentors](http://www.valleyventurementors.org/)
- [Launch413](https://www.launch413.com/)
- [The Alchemy Fund](http://www.alchemy-fund.com/)
- [TechSpring](http://www.techspringhealth.org/) - focusing on helping innovators in Health IT
- [Orange Innovation Center](https://www.orange-innovation.com/)

### Miscellaneous

- [Massachusetts Green High Performance Computing Center](https://www.mghpcc.org/) in Holyoke, MA
- [Springfield Technology Park](http://springfieldtechnologypark.org/)
- [UMass Innovation Institute](https://umii.umass.edu/) in Amherst

### Groups / email lists

- [Hidden Tech](http://www.westernmassedc.com/boston_area_industrial_clusters/hiddentech/)
- [NERD Slack](https://nerdslack.herokuapp.com/) - Slack for New England Regional Developers

### Other resource lists

- [Western Mass Economic Development Council](http://www.westernmassedc.com/)
- [MassEcon](https://massecon.com/)
